Refactoring & documentation implementation (#12)
kestra-io/vscode-kestra: README.md

# Kestra extension for VSCode

## Features

> - Flow autocompletion & validation on `.yaml` / `.yml` files by downloading the JSON schema.
> - Dynamic documentation depending on tasks your flow includes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Code autocompletion and syntax validation on `.yaml` and `.yml` flow files once you download Kestra's JSON schema.
- Dynamic documentation depending on tasks added to your flow.
```

## Requirements

- [Redhat's YAML extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=redhat.vscode-yaml)

## Usage 

### Kestra Schema - Enabling autocompletion

After installing the extension, you will get a new command called "Download Kestra schema".
You can use this command to download the schema that will enable autocompletion in YAML files.

To avoid having the schema apply on every YAML file, you can [set up the mapping in your settings file](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/json#_mapping-in-the-user-settings).

> **Using the extension on the Kestra VSCode Kestra will automatically download the Schema.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that when using the Kestra VS Code extension within Kestra's editor embedded in the UI, you don't need to download the schema — Kestra does it automatically.
```

> ### Kestra Documentation - enabling live documentation
> 
> Kestra VSCode extension embeds the documentation. When on a YAML file, a new action called `Open Kestra Documentation` will appear and will open a new Webview. This webview contains the default properties of a flow and its tasks, but clicking on a specific task in your code will show its documentation.
> 
> ## Configure
> 
> When using the extension on your local instance of VSCode, you will be prompted to enter a URL.
> The default URL is the Kestra API that includes all plugins, but if you want to only display available plugins in your instance, use your Kestra Instance URL 
> 
> **If you have a JWT-based authentication (EE), please copy your token from the "Copy JWT token" button available in the same menu as the Logout button on the UI.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enabling live documentation for Kestra plugins

Kestra VS Code extension embeds the plugin's documentation, showing live documentation for each task and trigger. When on a YAML file, a new action called `Open Kestra Documentation` will appear and open a new web view. This view contains:
1. The default properties of a flow and tasks
2. Task and trigger documentation — available once you click on a specific task or trigger within your code.

## Configure

When using the extension in your local VS Code IDE, you will be prompted to enter a URL. That URL is the default endpoint of the Kestra API, which includes all plugins. If you want to display only plugins available in your instance, use the URL of your Kestra Instance.

**If you have a JWT-based authentication (EE), make sure to copy your token from the "Copy JWT token" button available in the same menu as the Logout button in the UI.**
```
